and it's out of tune how nice oh uh this
is my ghost rocking Tarsus calm and
youtube.com slash walking guitar lessons
one that's John McLaughlin was so close
per request of one of my subscribers
River Megan
I hadn't heard this before it's a really
really pretty song a good song the trick
part is you know it's all piano so to
catch the voicings exactly and apply it
to guitar would be really insane so it's
kind of been I don't want to say
simplified but but arranged more for
guitar so I hope this works for you if
it's not in your key because I know
you're a girl
the one that subscribed this you can
always put a capo on and play these
chords in it um so hopefully this will
work for you kay let's jump into it a
lot of chords a lot of chords here tune
standard for this and we're gonna start
with E major that's open e middle finger
a second fret third finger D second fret
first finger G first fret and it's like
the chord changes kind of swoop through
quickly to so it's not like this big
strumming going on here and you would go
there it is found the bad one
so emajor once drum and then go to be if
you haven't done bar chords this is
gonna be tricky first finger to a and
then bar the 4th fret on the D G and B
you can also use three fingers in there
if you want but um and take that first
finger type it underneath the low E to
mute it so it's a through B and then C
sharp minor bar it's bar in the fourth
fret on the a-string tuck it underneath
the low E to mute that go middle finger
5b pinkie six G third finger six D and
you're gonna go from that from the a
string all the way through the high E
and then back to the E major all the
chords in this you just played EB C
sharp minor and E I don't think there's
any other ones outside of that no there
is it so we have go like
then go EBG it stays on that a little
longer
then go to be major ones from on that
that's a boobie dislike before c-sharp
minor' one strum and then e major again
and play it just like we did a second
ago then we go well let's play what we
got
now you can stay on the clubs a little
longer go to be major strum and then go
weegee d3 upstrokes
same thing on the c-sharp minor
but then do three up Stokes's on the e V
and G back to the b3 upstrokes PGP and
then a major and just to add a little
different feel I'm thinking oh wait we
didn't do the a major yet on this one go
to D first finger to G middle finger and
to be third finger and I would do like a
soft build up one two three four five
six and then strum the B major and I
would just lift that rate so okay then
we move to E major again let me play
what we just did
so you get to stay on the cords a little
longer on these so strong the e eb g3
UPS c-sharp minor' from eb g he major
again
and then B major and we can go PGD and
then strum the e major then make a new
EP g c-sharp minor strum BG and then we
hit the a major do the build up again
the six down strokes start soft and in
strum harder as you go accenting is what
that's called
and then strong the B major then that
whole cycle starts over I hope this
version will work for you it wasn't
quite sure how to approach it because of
so much of the piano stuff in these two
hands and they're doing these different
quick little bass changes so I tried to
capture the essence of the foundational
chords that are in there so anyway
that's for you and anyone else that
wanted up on this lesson I'm Mike Gross
rocking guitar since calm is my website
that's coming in should be here by
September of 2012 I'm hoping it's $20 a
month that will take your plane to the
next level I hope you become a Premium
Member there be watching for that and
for the information on that in
youtube.com slash rocking guitar lessons
one if you're not subscribed to that
channel go for it man spread the word I
appreciate all you guys my subscribers
are the best and you guys been very
supportive and very helpful and very
kind so comments likes keep your
requests coming I got a lot of them to
get out to you but I will get it to you
soon and I'm gonna go do some more right
now if you have any questions on this
lesson or any other ones let me know and
I'll hook you up see you guys